[horse neighing]
[bleating]
Hey.
Are Skye and Puzzle still out there?
Puzzle's been doing great.
Skye took him on a trail ride.
She's taught that horse so much.
In such a short time, too.
You know, she has got a real gift.
She'd be a great vet one day.
-Ah.
-Oh!
-Morning, Trish.
-Speedy!
-So good to see you. Yes, it is.
-[Speedy barking]
And it is so good to see you, too, Trish.
Morning, Grandpa, Billy.
I have a favor to ask.
Ask away.
I've been getting ready
for my first riding competition.
It's at Haversham Riding Academy
this afternoon.
I know. You're going to do great.
You've become a good rider.
Thanks, Billy.
My mom's driving me to Haversham
for some last minute practice.
Nobody's gonna be home with Speedy.
He still chews stuff when he's alone.
No worries. We can take care of Speedy
for as long as you need.
-He loves the ranch.
-Thanks! Gotta go.
Good luck!
We are gonna have so much fun.
Yes, we are.
-[Speedy barking]
-Yes, we are gonna have so much fun.
-Yeah.
-[laughs]
Yes, we love to have fun.
♪ Open up your heart
It's time to let it all go ♪
♪ Share with everyone ♪
♪ And let your feelings show ♪
♪ So come and follow me ♪
♪ Together, we'll run free ♪
♪ Friends are family ♪
♪ We're gonna run free ♪
[neighs]
Okay, Debbie. Calm down now.
Hey, what's your name?
Trish.
I'm Brianna.
Are you riding in the competition?
Yeah.
[scoffs] I've won, like,
the last four times in our age group.
Congratulations.
It's my first time, actually,
in any kind of riding competition.
You're kidding.
How long have you been riding?
A couple of years.
Wow. I've been riding since I was like 5.
And you're going to ride that horse?
A stable horse?
-Yeah. Debbie.
-[nickers]
I've been riding her in practice.
Everybody in the competition
has their own horse.
Except for you, I guess.
-[Shelby] Hey, Brianna.
-Hey.
-Are you getting to know our Trish?
-Yeah. Do you know Trish, too?
Of course.
She's my Rescue Ranch colleague.
I'll see you out there, Trish.
Don't worry about her. You'll do fine.
You'll make Rescue Ranch proud today.
She's right, though.
I don't have my own horse.
I haven't been riding for very long.
So what?
You've been practicing a lot, right?
[whinnies]
Hey. Apollo's still grazing in the fields.
If you want, I can give you a few pointers
because I'm not busy.
Okay, sure.
[birds chirping]
I was watching you
with Puzzle this morning.
That horse has really learned
to listen to you.
Yeah. He's definitely changed a lot
since he first came to us.
I wasn't sure
if he'd ever be relaxed or happy.
-You're a good trainer, Skye.
-Thanks, Mom.
-So can I keep him?
-[chuckles] We will see about that.
-Here, look.
-[beeps]
Penny was telling me about her new client.
Silvia Jacobs.
I've heard of her.
She's into trick riding, isn't she?
She actually rides Western and does
a bit of Rodeo like your Aunt Courtney.
It's a little more disciplined
than trick riding.
So Silvia is actually training
for those big arena competitions.
That's her?
[scoffs] That's her. She's only 20.
-Wow, she's really good.
-Oh, she sure is.
Actually, if you'd like to meet with her,
Penny said she'd be happy
to set something up.
Silvia said she could meet with you
and maybe show you a few things.
-I'd love that.
-She'll be at Haversham this afternoon.
Haversham?
Why would a Western-riding rodeo girl
be at English-riding Haversham?
I asked the exact same thing.
Silva is actually a very accomplished
English rider.
Plus, she took her first riding lessons
at Haversham.
Plus, she's going to be a judge
in today's competition.
Works for me. I'm going to Haversham
later to watch Trish anyway.
You know, Mom, I really do enjoy training,
and I've been thinking,
I might wanna be a trainer one day.
Skye, you'd be a very good trainer.
And maybe you could even teach riding.
Yeah. And maybe even, you know,
have my own place.
What do you mean?
Honey, you've already got your own place.
The ranch is ours.
I know.
The future is confusing, that's all.
I've been thinking a lot
about veterinary medicine,
but I've also been thinking
about other careers, like being a trainer.
Mom, what if I don't become a vet
like Grandpa?
-I'm afraid of hurting his feelings.
-Oh, honey. I...
I'm sure Grandpa would love
to discuss this with you.
Maybe. I don't know how to tell him
I'm thinking about other careers.
I feel like I'd be disappointing him.
Hey.
You will never disappoint
either one of us. Okay?
But you know we'd both be very happy
if you went to college
and got a degree to become a veterinarian.
It's all about living up to our potential.
[Grandpa] Hey, guys.
Lunch time.
Who wants a grilled cheese sandwich?
-Yeah.
-Me, please.
Isn't Speedy with you, Grandpa?
No. He was racing around the paddock
a while ago.
He knows his way around the ranch.
Yes, but we should keep
an eye out for him.
Don't you worry. He'll be barking
at that door before you know it.
See?
-[Speedy barking]
-[laughs]
A dog knows how to open doors.
That is one smart dog.
[Skye] Hi, Speedy.
[whimpers]
Hey... Um, Pops, it looks like
he's favoring that front paw a little.
-[whimpers]
-Looks like he's favoring it a lot.
[Grandpa] Oh, dear. [sighs]
Let's see.
Oh. Looks like he's cut his pad.
I'm gonna get him up to the barn and...
see if we can see
what we're dealing with here.
-What'd you get into, eh?
-[whimpers]
He must've stepped on something sharp,
some broken glass maybe.
We should go and look for it
before the other animals get hurt.
-Yeah.
-[Skye] Yeah.
Ah. Let's get you taken care of.
Here we go.
[whimpers]
Speedy, you are gonna be good as new.
That's my boy.
[whimpers]
How's he doing? Does he need stitches?
No. It's a just a superficial cut.
That's lucky. We have to keep it
clean, watch for signs of infection.
Can I put the bandage on?
Here you go. This is good practice for you
for when you become a vet.
-Yeah.
-[Speedy whimpers]
You know what? You finish up.
And I'm gonna take a look around,
see if I can find what he stepped on.
I already found it. [sighs]
It's a hoof pick, and it's sharp.
It looks like he knocked some things over
near where I found it.
[sighs]
I keep my tools stored safely in my shop.
Where'd you find this?
On the floor of your shop.
But how did Speedy get in there?
The door is closed.
He's pretty good
at opening doors, remember?
Speedy, you are your own worst enemy.
This is all my fault.
Oh, I'm sure he forgives you.
How did you know to go in the shop?
I did some detective work.
I just followed Speedy's footprints.
Your powers of deduction
are gonna make you a great vet.
Uh, yeah.
-[horse neighing in distance]
-[whimpers]
All done.
Now we just have to make sure
he doesn't bite at it.
Mm-hm.
I'm afraid we're gonna have to put on...
-The Cone.
-[both laugh]
-[Speedy barks]
Oops. I think he heard you.
-Only for a couple days.
-Yeah.
-[Speedy whimpering]
-Attaboy.
-He's a good boy.
-Yeah.
Very brave.
-And you did a great job.
-Thanks.
-[Debbie whinnying]
-[Trish] Debbie, no.
[nickers]
What's wrong with her, Shelby?
She won't do anything properly.
She looks like she's having a bad day.
What am I doing wrong?
I don't know.
You haven't ridden Debbie very many times.
Maybe she's just not comfortable
with you yet.
She doesn't have time to get comfortable.
The competition is in a few hours.
I don't know what to tell you.
It's not your fault.
She's obviously not going
to practice with me.
I'm going to take her back to her stall.
Okay. Well, I'm gonna go grab Apollo
for his exercise.
See you later.
And thanks for trying to help.
Hey, Trish, looking good out there.
-Come on, guys.
-Huh?
-Hi!
-Hmm.
Why, good day.
Uh... Hmm.
Oh. [soft chuckle]
-What are you guys doing here?
-Came to support you in the competition.
You're always supporting all of us,
so it's our turn to support you
for a change.
[Olivia] We'll be your cheerleaders.
After my game last night,
my dad and I, well, we went online
and we found out how to make pom-poms.
I don't see any pom-poms.
Did you forget to bring them?
I have all the pom-pom materials
in my box.
We just need to find somewhere to work.
Okay. Bye, Trish.
See you at the competition.
We'll be the ones with the pom-poms.
[Ethan] Bye.
[exhales] I can't do this.
-Trish, where are you going?
-Home.
But you've got the competition.
[sighs]
I can't do it. All the other girls
have been riding their whole lives.
They have their own horses.
I have an old horse
who doesn't even like me.
I just-- I...
I'm not good enough.
Don't say that.
It's true.
Hey, uh, you've heard
of Silvia Jacobs, right?
Of course. I heard she still comes here.
Exactly. Penny arranged for me
to see Silvia today.
She's gonna give me tips
on how to be a trainer.
That's great.
Come with me, please. I'm nervous.
You're not nervous.
It'll be fun.
-Okay, sure. [chuckles]
-Okay, come on.
One sec.
-Be good.
-[horse whinnies]
[squeal]
[horse neighs]
There's no more space.
All the rooms are occupied or locked up.
Maybe we could just sit here
in the hallway and make the pom-poms.
No, Isabella.
We need proper pom-pom-making facilities.
[sighs]
Hey, look. That must be the judges' table
for the competition.
They won't be needing it for a while.
It's perfect for pom-pom construction.
Well, let's do it.
[chuckling]
[neighs]
[Silvia] Good job.
Let's make sure
we spread it out a little bit.
Good job.
Let's keep it safe.
Stirrups on the balls of your feet.
Just like that. That's great.
-Wow. She's really good, isn't she?
-[sighs] She sure is.
[Silvia] Good job.
-[Trish] How old is she?
-[Skye] Well, my mom said she's only 20.
She's not that much older than we are.
-Inspiring, right?
-Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Slow it down a bit.
Keep a good pace.
-[Olivia] Here you go, Isabella.
-Thank you.
-[Olivia] Can I have one sheet, too?
-♪ Met a new friend the other day ♪
-Measuring.
-♪ Walking by, going different ways ♪
♪ Had so many things to share ♪
♪ We decided we're a perfect pair ♪
-♪ When we're together ♪
-That looks great.
♪ Everything's all right ♪
Taping.
-♪ Birds of a feather ♪
-Here.
-Thank you.
-♪ We're just like twins ♪
♪ Through thick and thin ♪
-Thank you.
-♪ Friends are just like sunshine, baby ♪
♪ Way up in the sky ♪
-♪ Just you and I
-[all] Fluffing!
[all giggling]
Oh. Silvia.
Oh, hi. You must be, um...
Skye. And this is my friend, Trish.
Nice to meet you. So, Skye,
you're interested in becoming a trainer?
Maybe.
Yeah, I mean, I wanna learn more about it.
Our teacher said it's never too early
to start thinking about careers.
Smart teacher.
You're at the perfect age to start
asking questions and figuring it out.
So, trainer is on your list, Skye?
Trainer, veterinarian,
and lots of other jobs
having to do with animals.
It's confusing,
and then there's my family.
Your family?
I can't really talk to them about it.
Mom wants me to live up to my potential.
Grandpa, well, he wants me
to become a vet just like he was.
They're just trying to give you
the best advice they can.
I'm sure they just want
what's best for you.
-Thanks, Silvia. I feel better already.
-[both chuckle]
And what about you, Trish?
Me? Oh, uh, I just help out
at Rescue Ranch.
And she has her very first
riding competition in a few hours.
Good for you.
Thanks. But I don't think
I'm going to do it.
Why not?
The others have been riding
since they were little.
They have their own horses.
I'm supposed to be riding a stable horse,
and... I-I don't think we're a good team.
-Which horse?
-Debbie.
I love Debbie.
I used to ride her when I first started.
She's a great horse
once you get to know her.
Really?
Yes. And you know, Trish, I didn't start
riding when I was a little kid either.
I think I was only a couple of years older
than you when I started.
That's incredible.
[chuckles]
It's amazing what you can do when you put
your mind to it and believe in yourself.
You still have some time
for a warm up.
Why don't you go get Debbie
and I'll meet you in the ring?
Really? Yeah, thanks.
[whinnies]
Did we make too many pom-poms?
Mm, I think so.
I know what we can do with them.
-Ooh.
-[chuckles]
[Ethan chuckles]
-[Isabella] Tape, anyone?
-[Olivia] Yes, please.
Amazing.
Hmm.
-[Isabella] Perfect.
-Hmm.
-Debbie, no.
-[whinnies]
-[Trish] Ugh, I give up.
-[Debbie whinnies]
Thanks for offering to help, Silvia,
but there's just no point.
[chuckles]
Hey, Debbie. How are you doing, girl?
It's been too long, hasn't it?
Obviously, she likes you.
But she sure doesn't like me.
Debbie likes everybody.
But she's a very sensitive horse.
She's just picking up on your energy,
that's all.
My energy?
You're uptight, worried,
a little scared, maybe.
She can feel it from your legs
on her sides,
your hands on the reins,
she can hear it in your voice.
-Really?
-You're anxious.
And that makes her anxious.
She's only worried about you, Trish.
Makes sense to me.
So, what do I do?
Relax.
What difference does it make
who's watching
or how you do in the competition?
The only thing that really matters
is that you and Debbie both have fun.
-Okay, I'll give it a shot.
-[chuckles] Just shake it off.
[Silvia laughs]
[giggles]
Wow.
Yeah. Sometimes, the people need
just as much work as the animals do.
Maybe I should be a psychotherapist.
-[both chuckles]
-I'll remember that.
[bleating]
[neighs]
[chittering]
[in unison] Go, Trish!
[exhales]
-Oh. Hi, um, Brianna.
-Hi.
I just wanted to wish you good luck
in the competition.
-Really?
-Yeah.
I also wanted to apologize
for not being very welcoming earlier.
I can be kind of awkward
when I meet new people,
then I relax later.
Sounds just like Debbie.
[laughs] That's funny.
'Cause Debbie's a horse, but I'm not.
You know, I loved
your Rescue Ranch website,
especially Gary the Goat.
Think I could meet him in person sometime?
-Sure. Gary would love to meet you.
-[giggles]
I have to go.
I just wanted to wish you good luck.
Good luck.
Hey, Brianna.
Thank you. And good luck to you, too.
-Beautiful, aren't they?
-Yeah. And they're so well-trained.
I'm so excited for you.
You're gonna be a great trainer.
Thank you.
And thanks for helping Trish out, too.
Oh, of course.
Anything for the two of you.
[laughs]
Well, I've gotta go over there, so...
-Oh, yeah.
-[laughs]
-See ya.
-Yeah, you, too.
[chattering]
-Oh, do you want these pom-poms?
-Sure, Ethan. Thanks. [giggles]
Was that Silvia Jacobs
you were talking to over there?
Um, yeah. She's, uh...
She's a trainer and a rodeo rider.
[scoffs] I know who she is,
and she is good.
She was answering my questions
about being a trainer.
I was thinking about it
as a possible career.
I love the thought of being a vet.
I just...
I don't know what I wanna be.
Really? That's wonderful.
[scoffs] What?
Skye, it's hard to make a career choice.
And I'm glad you're looking
at all your options.
I really wanted to be a trainer.
You did?
I thought you always wanted to be a vet.
That came later.
That was after I wanted to be a pilot.
And after, I wanted to be a fireman.
Really?
Really. You don't have to make
big decisions like this at your age.
There's lots of time to decide.
In fact, you can do anything
you set your heart to.
Thanks, Grandpa.
Here comes Trish!
[people cheering]
[sighs] Okay, Debbie.
-Let's have some fun.
-[nickers]
[cheering]